Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing?
I have some things on my heart today.
After I made that last video, I got a ton of emails from everybody.
Some of the emails were rude and some were kind, but I received a really good email that really blessed me.
I'm going to have my wife read this to you.
It's a prophecy about a visitation from the Lord back in 2015 that explains everything about what happened and why the judgment was set and why it didn't happen.
Whenever I told you all that I had these warnings from the Holy Spirit in 2013 and 2014, the Lord warned me that there was going to be a major storm—basically the beginning of all heck breaking loose upon the world with the Shmita cycle.
Rabbi Jonathan Cahn wrote the book 'The Harbinger,' and there were so many prophetic voices saying something was going to happen, but I was never really able to get a word from the Lord about what happened when something didn't happen.
I understand the power of prayer and the authority God has called us to exercise on this earth.
When he came to me and said, 'Brandon, things have changed,' he gave us more grace and time.
That was back in August of 2015.
To whoever sent this to me, I won't say your name, but I want to say thank you.
This really blessed me today.
I don't know the man who had this visitation, but I believe he is legitimate.
He sees things the way I have seen them throughout my life of visitations, and the way he describes the angels is absolutely amazing.
Please listen to the whole thing.
My wife is going to read this now, and I'll be back afterward to pray for you.
'Hi everybody.
I'm Brandon's wife.
It's so good to be here.
We love and appreciate you all.
I will now read this vision from the email: I had a vision as I was eating lunch recently.
Suddenly, a portal opened in the spirit realm, and my angel said to me, "You are summoned to the courtroom of Heaven to record the case being tried now, so that God's people will know the lateness of the hour.
You must warn them so that the bride may awaken and take heed.
The time is short.
" I was escorted by two angels to the Supreme courtroom.
There were many hundreds of angels and saints already seated.
It looked like a giant arena with thousands of seats.
There were five big leather chairs with gold embossed cards that said "recorder.
" I was ushered into the one closest to the bench.
I was handed a feather quill and a parchment scroll that worked like an iPad.
The angel said, "You are one of five prophet recorders summoned from the Earth to witness this trial.
" I recognized one of the others as a current prophet on Earth from the Western world.
Another was a lady from Africa, and the fifth was a man from America.
I was given a yarmulke of golden color.
An angel who presided over the courtroom named Justice stood up; she was about 20 feet tall.
Then the angel Justice shouted, "All rise!
The Honorable Ancient of Days, the judge of all creation, is present and presiding.
" We all stood in unison.
I saw the throne clothed in white blinding light.
The other judges were Enoch, Father Abraham, Moses, David, Elijah, and Daniel on the Father's right; on his left were John the Baptist, Peter, James, John, Andrew, and Paul the Apostle.
Then the case was read by Lady Justice.
She spoke: "The timing of the final judgments of the Day of the Lord must be decided.
The accuser, Satan, is prosecuting, declaring that Adam's lease is over and he must be allowed to take ownership of the Earth.
" Representing the holy defense was the Lord Yeshua, Jesus the Messiah.
Satan was a handsome man who sat stone-faced at the prosecution table.
He began his long diatribe of accusation against fallen man, demanding control of the Earth for seven years through the son of perdition.
Yeshua then arose and said, "As the true Son of Man, I have taken the death penalty for every generation.
Through the intercession of my holy bride on Earth, there has been granted a pause to allow for the fullness of the harvest.
" Satan, or HaSatan, was busy reading the scroll feverishly.
The defense petitioned the court for another extension of time in the grace purchased by the blood on the cross.
After some deliberation, every judge voted in favor of the saints to extend another period of grace.
The Father spoke: "I decree that the prosecution has failed to bring a closing to the final days of grace.
However, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
HaSatan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth.
Those that do not abide with me in the secret place are in more peril with each passing day.
The time of grace is nearly over.
This is the midnight hour.
" Then Lady Justice raised a scale.
An angel poured black sand from a brass urn, representing the accumulated sin of mankind.
Another angel poured white sand from a white urn representing the prayers and intercession of the overcoming church.
The scale shifted as the white bowl went down.
The Father said, "The time of grace shall be extended for a little longer to finish the final harvest.
" I then signed the recording scroll and the vision ended.
' Dearly beloved bride of Messiah, we must labor now while it is light.
People, get ready.
Jesus is coming.
Well, what did y'all think about that?
I've been in that courtroom in the spirit.
I've seen Satan as the accuser of the brethren, and I saw that the blood of Jesus Christ spoke for me.
It's amazing that someone else had such a detailed vision that aligns with what I've seen.
The Lord keeps granting more time through our prayers.
I want to teach you your authority and intercession to avert certain things.
I believe we can change the outcome of many events through prayer and obedience.
My tallit is what I use when I stand in the gap for America.
The birthing pains are not going to stop; they're going to increase.
The light of the Father is brighter than the noonday sun.
We are about to see a billion-soul harvest.
Please like this video and subscribe to our channel; it helps the algorithm spread the gospel.
Let me pray for you.
Father, I thank you for every person here.
I call for Holy Ghost boldness and fire to come down upon them.
I speak to the spirit of fear and command it to release them.
I cover you with the blood and thank you, Lord, that the light that pierces all darkness is shining on you.
We thank you for creative ideas for soul-winning.
We thank you that we have a better covenant through Jesus Christ.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we will see you next time.
Bye-bye.